ALC

1. Git comprehension
2. No blockers in phase2
3. 

W. S. R.
Workjng area, Staging Repo
GIT TUTORIAL
what is a version?
What is git-add?
git add . adds all modified and new (untracked) files in the current directory and all subdirectories to the staging 
area (a.k.a. the index), thus preparing them to be included in the next git commit .
 Any files matching the patterns in the .gitignore file will be ignored by git add 

 
What is git remote add?
To add a new remote, use the git remote add command on the terminal, in the directory your repository is stored at.
 The git remote add command takes two arguments:
 A remote name, for example, “origin” A remote URL, which you can find on the Source sub-tab of your Git repo
 
 What is git add -- all?
git add. The git add command adds a change in the working directory to the staging area. It tells Git that you 
want to include updates to a particular file in the next commit
 
 git diff – — shows the difference of between the working directory and the given branch. git checkout – — checks out
 files from the given branch into the working directory. git merge — merges the given branch into the current branchmmm
 
 What is the difference between git add and git add *?
Both git add . and git add -A will stage all new, modified and deleted files in the newer versions of git . The difference
 is that git add -A stages files in "higher, current and subdirectories" that belong to your working git repository
 
$ git commit -m "Add existing file" # Commits the tracked changes and prepares them to be pushed to a remote repository. To remove this commit and modify the file,
 use 'git reset --soft HEAD~1' and commit and add the file again. Push the changes in your local repository to GitHub.
 
 git push. The git push command is used to upload local repository content to a remote repository. Pushing is how you
 transfer commits from your local repository to a remote repo. It's the counterpart to git fetch , but whereas fetching
 imports commits to local branches, pushing exports commits to remote branches.
 
 git init
 commit
 working directory
 Staging and Repository
 
 Code review
 Branching 